With the map being there let's make sure the user can tap it to add new locations and Ford ad here.
Let's add an event listener with ADD listener on the map so not on Google Maps events and we're not
registering such a global event so to say but on the map which we created you can call add listener
and add a click listener there and then this will give you an event object which you can use in that
function that gets fired up on that click.
So this is the function that will get executed on the click and we'll get an event object that holds
useful information like the coordinates.
So on that click all create a new coords or select that coords constant here which will be a javascript
object and that object will have a latitude and you can name as however you want.
By the way I'll stick lat and LNG here but this is now just data.
I define not data.
Google gives me so we can name is whoever you want.
And on land here we can store event and then there is a lat lng so one word let LNG property which has
a lat method that will give you the latitude coordinates off that event so off the Click event.
And in case you're wondering how I know all of that well I mentioned that SDK dock documentation you
are right.
So that is the place where you can learn all of that.
So that gives us the latitude.
Now the long etude is received in the same way on the event.
Let LNG thought LNG as a method.
Now this gives us coordinates and now we can close the modal here with dismiss and pass on these selected
coordinates as data let's say because in the end it is that coordinates set that we're interested in
when the user taps the map.
Let's now move back to the location picker where we open that modal and there I want to set up listener
so on.
Did this Miss which gives us a promise that will resolve as soon as the modal is dismissed.
And there we get back the data would add modal so we get back some result or modal data whatever you
want to call this and for now it's simply console log modal data and there will have a data field and
that that is just how models work and what you already learned early and of course a modal can return
data and a role it doesn't have to but it can and therefore we can access data and roll here.
When we listen to the modal to be dismissed so this data thing here should be our coordinates.
If we did select something so let's wait for this reload and let us select location and first of all
I'll click cancel therefore I get undefined which makes sense and now let's pick a location and we can
still interact with that by the way.
Only if you single click somewhere so if you're not dragging then this will pick that it's another click
here I get an error.
Yeah this should be let LNG with a capital L at the start of LNG so that is something which is important.
Case sensitivity matters.
So with that change let's try it again.
Let me simply pick this location.
OK that looks good now.
So we're getting that data now and this is how we can well get data back.
Now the next step will be to convert these coordinates into an address and also into basically a screenshot
of the map which you can show is a preview here instead of that select location button.
After we selected a location.